[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective is to
destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in the
kingdom of Dressrosa.
When Luffy hears about
a fighting tournament
at the Corrida Colosseum
with the Flame Flame
Fruit as the prize,
he decides to join
and compete against
titanic contenders from
all over the New World.
[CHIN JAO] They called me,
"Chin Jao the Drill."
Because at one time,
my head possessed an
extraordinary shape.
And so I ask,
do you have any clue what
pain Garp inflicted on me?
For the millionth time,
how should I know?
Maybe you truly are ignorant
and don't know the
sins of your family,
but since you're his grandson,
I can't let you walk away!
[CHIN JAO growls]
[CHIN JAO]
It may have been 30 years ago,
but I'm filled with rage
like it was yesterday!
[CHIN JAO yells]
I want to hear you say it!
Admit that I was wronged
with your dying breath!
That fiend! He took
away my treasure!
[wailing]
Hey, soldier.
What were you trying to prove
to me back there with the dog?
What's going on here?
Simple. This kingdom's divided.
A country filled
with the forgotten.
And those who forget them!
[FRANKY]
Huh?
Every toy you see was
at one point a human!
What?!
Someone came to our
island ten years ago
courtesy of Doflmaingo.
They turned us into toys
with their Devil Fruit power!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL ringing]
Come on, pick up!
Nami! What happened?
[LAW grunts]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
No mercy for the wicked!
It'd be quicker,
if I wasn't all thumbs.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL ringing]
What're you waiting for, Nami?
You were attacked,
weren't you? [gasps]
[YOUNG DWARF A]
It's Usoland's Haki!
[DWARF A]
He truly is a legend!
See, what did I tell ya?
My body's trembling
with so much excitement,
it's making the earth
shake all around us!
[YOUNG DWARF A]
How awesome is that?
[DWARF A]
His power is off the charts!
[gasps]
One question, Leo.
Your people keep mentioning
some "final battle"
involving yours truly,
but what reason do you
want to fight Doflamingo?
Huh?
Not just a hero,
but a comedian, too!
It's because we want to
rescue 500 of our
closest friends!
Over at the secret
factory in Dressrosa
where they're being
enslaved of course!
Our fight is in Dressrosa!
Beneath the Colosseum!
Inside the factory!
Everyone!
Go!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
[LUFFY] "Making a Sortie!
The Legendary Hero Usoland"
[DWARVES]
Usoland! Usoland! Usoland...
Where, now?
We'll show ya!
There's an underground tunnel
that connects
Green Bit to Dressrosa.
You want us to go
through that tunnel
and meet your buddies
on the other side?
[LEO]
That's right!
[USOPP]
These little guys really think
they're gonna pick
a fight with Doflamingo?
We finally made it!
There's the airport!
[ROBIN, USOPP gasp]
[laughs]
[chuckles]
Oh, wow! This is way
nicer than I expected!
Goodness. Isn't that cute?
[DWARF A]
Attention!
Yellow Kabu 43 through 48
are now prepared for takeoff.
Please remain on standby.
Requesting Pink Bee
21, 22, 25, and 26
to make their way to
Runway B immediately.
Yellow Kabu 43 buzzing in.
I'm ready for takeoff!
[DWARF A] Yellow Kabu 43,
you're cleared for takeoff.
Pink Bee Squad here.
We're ready when you are!
[DWARF A]
Roger that, Pink Bee.
All bug units stand by
for further instruction.
Oh, and, Usoland, please watch
your step among the aircraft!
Oh, sorry!
Hey, you guys! I'm here!
Leo! It's about time!
Preparations complete!
Let's take to the air, shall we?
I'm countin' on you, okay?
[KABU]
Don't worry!
This is exactly
what our squad members
have been tirelessly
training to tackle!
He's right. We'll save Princess
Mancherie and our friends!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
[LEO]
Mm!
This is definitely first.
I gotta show Luffy!
You aren't as compact as we are.
You'll have to hop aboard our
special 20-passenger buses
if ya don't mind.
[ROBIN gasps]
Lin-year foxes,
please report in!
[LINEAR FOX A barks]
[ROBIN, USOPP gasp]
This isn't bad! We're
gonna ride in style!
[LEO]
They're really fast, too!
Such beautiful fur.
[LINEAR FOX A squeaks]
It's time to take
flight, everybody!
With Usoland, beside us,
there's no way we can lose!
[USOPP]
Hm.
We'll bring our friends back
and Princess Mancherie, too!
[ALL]
Yeah!
Man, these things
are fast! [chuckles]
[GANCHO]
I suppose I should explain...
[USOPP]
Hm?
...why we want to do this.
What are you
doing in there, perv?!
Chief Gancho!
[GANCHO]
Hm? Oh! Yes, at your service.
And thank you for the best
seat on the bus, my dear!
Hm?
Since you're generous enough to
lay down your
lives for our cause,
there's something that
I think you should know first.
[USOPP]
Don't remember promising that.
Doflamingo has caused
a great deal of suffering,
especially for
the Tontatta tribe.
But our troubled
relationship with his group
actually began long before
he took over the throne.
[GANCHO]
In fact,
the beginning of this sad tale
stretches back over 900 years.
[USOPP]
What?
[NARRATOR]
Here in Dressrosa,
there grows a vast
field of sunflowers.
[NARRATOR] And somewhere
nestled among those blooms
in an unknown location,
there is a secret entrance.
Follow the winding
spiral staircase
deep into the ground...
[NARRATOR] ...and a cacophony
of excited voices can be heard.
[DWARVES shouting]
[FRANKY] Where the
heck are you takin' me?
[TOY SOLDIER]
You'll see.
Allow me to introduce you...
The Commander!
We've waited so long!
We're glad you finally made it!
Thank you! At ease!
[DWARVES cheering]
Who's that tall,
tough-looking guy, sir?
It'll be great to have
a Big Person like him
on our side, huh?
There's no way we'll
lose the battle now!
Those are the Little
People from Tontatta.
They will be fighting
Doflamingo with us.
Say what?!
They're more of a threat than
you might think, my friend.
They move so fast,
they're almost invisible.
The townspeople
call them "fairies."
Oh! Wait, so when Zoro's
sword disappeared before...
[WICKA] Come on! I thought you
wanted to get back to your ship!
Huh?
[ZORO]
Damn, Luffy, get it together!
[OLD DWARF A] Young man,
will you please sit down?
Huh?!
After everything it
took to get you this far!
Since when do you have time
to stop and watch the fight?
Ahh! You're such a
big, dumb stupidhead!
That sneaky little bastard.
There's a fighting competition
and he doesn't
bother telling me?
I could've cleaned up!
[gasps, yells] Commander!
Huh? You're here, too?
I'm just as surprised
to see you, buddy.
Commander!
We've already reviewed the
intel from the scouting unit!
We know everything that Sugar
and the enemy have
been up to, sir!
And, as it turns out,
just in time for our big
confrontation with Doflamingo.
Also! Some legendary heroes
have appeared in our kingdom,
and they're going
to help us fight!
Uh, their names are
Usoland and Robiland!
They're on their way
here as we speak!
And they've got a
whole group of friends
here with them, too!
Let's see.
It says their names are
Luffyland, Zoroland, Namiland,
Sanland, Chopperland,
Fraland, and Boneland!
[FRANKY, ZORO]
Sounds like Usopp.
[ZORO] That's the best
he could come up with?
Eh, okay, I'm Zoroland, I guess.
And I'm the famous Fraland,
here to save the day.
[DWARVES]
Wow, that's great!
[DWARVES crying]
[FRANKY, ZORO]
So naïve.
Uh! I don't have time for this!
I have to get back to the
Sunny before it's too late!
[WICKA groans] I have been
saying that this whole time!
[FRANKY]
Hm? The Sunny?
[GYATS]
Lucy deftly dodges again!
The warriors from Kano showed
some potential early on,
but surprisingly, they've been
outpaced by their grandfather,
who just won't quit!
Will the infamous gangster Don
Chin Jao emerge victorious?
Or will the mysterious
newcomer, Lucy,
keep that momentum till the end?
Try and dodge
this one, you brat!
Now, Hasshoken.
Head-Arms Spin!
You did that already!
[LUFFY]
Oh, yeah?
Well, Gum-Gum...
[CHIN JAO] I'll knock you
straight out of the New World!
[LUFFY]
...Jet Cannon!
[CHIN JAO growling]
[LUFFY yelling]
Well, Gum-Gum...
[CHIN JAO] I'll knock you
straight out of the New World!
[LUFFY]
...Jet Cannon!
[yells]
How can that be?!
[CHIN JAO grunts]
[LUFFY]
Jet Whip!
[CHIN JAO grunting]
[CROWD cheering]
[KIN'EMON]
Fight valiantly, Sir Luffy!
There's no time for spectating!
But he mustn't lose! His
honor is at stake after all!
Weren't you in a hurry to rescue
your friend from the Toy House?
Did you forget that?
Ahh! The thought did escape me!
[COMPETITOR A]
Hm? Agh!
[BURGESS laughing]
[BOTH]
It's Burgess!
I heard things were
heatin' up around here!
[BURGESS grunts]
Hey, who's the small fry?
[LAW panting]
[LAW grunts]
[yells]
[panting]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Well, how 'bout that?
Nowhere left for you
to run now, is there?
--[LAW panting]
--[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Joker, wait!
Kill him if you like,
but there's something I need
you to take back from him first!
That ruffian stole my heart
right out of my chest!
I shudder to think
what he'll do with it!
[DOFLAMINGO grunts]
[LAW]
Room!
And then Shambles!
[DOFLAMINGO grunts]
Run while you still can, Law.
[GIOLLA]
It's no use!
You can't stifle my
artistic expression!
[NAMI grunts]
Now, Blow Kung-fu... Art!
[NAMI yelps]
This is just smoke!
Well, two can play that game!
Try my Weather Egg on for size!
Snow Clouds, fill
the sky, now...?
[STAFF groans]
[GIOLLA]
Huh?
Ah! My poor Clima Takt! You
turned it into some weird toy!
[GIOLLA cackles]
My, oh my!
No need to flatter me, my dear!
Like I would!
Well, as beautiful as it may be,
that staff of
yours is not a toy!
Make no mistake!
[NAMI]
Uhh...
Although, there is a Devil Fruit
user in the Don Quixote Family
who can transform
people into toys,
I possess the power of
the Art Art Fruit, remember?
The masterpieces I create
aren't toys at all!
Masterpieces, really?!
Oh, no!
Nami can't fight her!
And with bunny
rabbits for hooves,
there's not much I can
do either! [squeaks]
Help me, I'm scared!
Please, don't let
her take me away!
She'll have to pry you
from my cold, dead hands!
Though, unfortunately...
With no guitar, that might
be a very real possibility.
You act as though this
is some sort of tragedy!
You should be thrilled.
I'm making you art!
[GROUP whimpers]
[GIOLLA]
This is your doing after all!
You were the ones who went
and obliterated my submarine!
My poor henchmen.
I must avenge them!
[GROUP whimpers]
I guarantee you, your death
will be quite the spectacle--
--[TRANSPONDER SNAIL ringing]
--[GIOLLA] Huh?
[MOMONOSUKE, CHOPPER]
Huh?
Hello, it's Chopper!
Who's there?
Whoever you are, we need
your help! Please, hurry!
Who told you
you could answer that?
Oh, good thinking, Chopper!
[LAW]
Listen, raccoon.
Whatever your
situation is, I don't care!
Huh?
It's Traffy!
[GIOLLA]
Huh? Ooh, hello, Law!
--[explosion]
--[CHOPPER screams]
What would you say that for?
Come help us, you jerk!
It's hard to explain,
but we're artwork now,
and it's just terrible!
Well, I'm all right,
but please come!
[LAW panting]
Look. Take the ship
and head for Green Bit now!
I want to leave Caesar with you!
[CHOPPER gasps]
[LAW]
Sorry, no time to explain!
Just come to Green Bit!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL]
Click.
[CHOPPER]
Huh?!
[GROUP gasps]
[CHOPPER screams]
How could he hang up like that?!
I thought he already
gave them Caesar!
He didn't even listen
to what we had to say!
It was just like
talking to Luffy!
I-I-I don't know what to say!
I just don't want
her to kidnap me!
[CHOPPER]
Guys, what are we gonna do?
[NAMI] What could be
going on over there?
Oh... This is bad.
[GIOLLA growls]
[LAW panting]
Bullet String!
[LAW groans]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles] This
is the end of the line, Law.
[LAW panting]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Who did you just call?
Might as well go ahead
and give me Caesar's heart.
[DOFLAMINGO] Haven't you
done enough scurrying around
like a miserable rat?
[cackles] I set a trap
for your little partner,
and wouldn't you know it,
that genius has
walked right into it.
[LAW grunts]
[DOFLAMINGO] I knew he
wouldn't be able to resist
that gladiator contest
at Corrida Colosseum.
[DOFLAMINGO] All the competitors
are dangerous outlaws
ready to fight to the death.
Just stepping into the
ring is a suicide mission.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles] Straw
Hat doesn't stand a chance.
I'm sure they're scraping
him off the wall as we speak.
[LAW grunts]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Your alliance has fallen apart.
[LAW grunts]
[DOFLAMINGO]
So...
...are you ready to give up?
[NARRATOR] After Chin Jao's
bitter history is revealed,
the battle to determine the
strongest contender in Block C
comes to a head.
As Luffy and Chin Jao
unleash the full brunt
of their abilities
against each other,
their ultimate techniques
will tear through
the very earth and sky!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Fierce Battle Coming to
the End! Lucy vs. Chin Jao!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!